OSDOCS-16940: DITA abstracts — OLM admin/user topics (#115359)
openshift/openshift-docs: operators/user/olm-creating-apps-from-installed-operators.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can create applications from installed Operators in {product-title} by using the web console. The included example deploys an etcd cluster from the etcd Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create applications from installed Operators by using the web console. The following example deploys an etcd cluster from the etcd Operator.
```
